# MSA Project 3 

This persona is someone who wants to have an easy to access, digital cookbook so they can access their recipes on the go. This person is a 45 year old male who Is a stay at home dad who is also a cooking enthusiast. He is tired of sorting through his mountain of printout recipes he had downloaded from the internet, which he also keeps losing and forgetting if he is out and cooking for a friend somewhere that isn’t his own house. He also has the habit of losing the scraps of paper he always writes his shopping lists on, so because the one device he always has nearby is his phone, this app is a basic storage space for recipes and shopping lists.

On the home screen, there are options to choose a meal time, such as breakfast or lunch, which will filter out all the recipes that are not fit for the meal the user plans to make, clearing the clutter. He can also use the search bar if he knows the specific name or ingredient for the recipe. He can quickly add or edit new and existing recipes to increase his collection. The large and simple layout aids his ageing eyes and also gives him a easier time going through the app. For the shopping list, he can also very easily delete items he may have picked up during his shopping one handed in case he only has one hand available.

The app could be expanded to have a way to sort recipes by ingredients the user has at home. It would also be helpful if the app is able to access the internet and record a recipe from sites easily to save users from writing up recipes by themselves.
